The Book
Foreword:
Throughout history, there have been great men, luminaries, scholars, and leaders who have changed our world for the better. Biographers through the ages have attempted to chronicle the lives and works of such men, to whom the modern world is greatly indebted. Vansh Cansh Amar Gupta is not such a great figure, but nonetheless is being wedded today, for some reason. In order to fully explore the life and times of these great men, it is important to record some of their greatest quotes, actions, and achievements. The respective authors of this book, namely Chan, Vak, Roan, Hirsh, and Pthan, have painstakingly compiled the finest examples of Canshs thought, which in an effort to do so, are splitting this book into three sections detailing quotes, actions, and ideas. As such, we hope you appreciate our tireless efforts to probe the soul of this truly larger than life Cansh. If you could care less to find errors within this compilation or think we have mistaken, we can arrange to talk to you in personal.
Introduction:
by Dickshar Athreya
When in the course of human events it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the bands of marriage that hold them together, and to assume together the status of a separate and sovereign ubershudra given to them by the laws of the nature, a decent respect to the opinions of mankind require that the reasons of the declaration be read.
We hold these truths to be self evident, that all Brahmins are created equal, and that they are endowed by the Sri with certain unalienable rights, that among these are the rights to jerking off in the bathroom, prank calling without *67, and not rooming with Sri. That to secure these rights, brahmins are made amongst men. That when any Brahmin becomes likened to a Cansh, it is the right of the people to record all that is what he says, as to them shall seem most likely to affect their Safety, Friendship, and Happiness. The Sri, indeed, will dictate that Friendships long established should be changed for light and amusing causes; and accordingly all experience hath shewn, that übershudras are more disposed to suffer, while evils are sufferable, than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed. But when a long train of grammar errors and interesting things are being said, pursuing invariably the same Cansh evinces a design to make them absolute cancer, it is their right, it is their duty, to record such sayings, and to provide new Reasons for their future enjoyment.
To prove this, let Facts and Quotes be submitted to a candid world:
Chapter The First: Quotes

Adolf Hitler was a great man
Liam Neeson gives me an orgasm [After Liam Neeson makes an appearance in a movie]
These gummy worms are AIDS but they taste so good
I think you have mistaken
I need to talk to you in personal
I could care less
I just hate the idea
If one were to say Siliconeer is an ad book,  hed reply,  there are two things that you cannot insult: firstly the magazine and secondly my family. *Promptly slaps person in face if offended
*Throws his phone 3 feet in front of him onto the ground in butthurt rage (F*ck it, I have a case and also Applecare)
 Posting I support Donald Trump statuses because thats what trolling is all about
I lucked out even though you guys screwed me over because now Im not rooming with Sri...
Mrs. Asscrack gave me Parkinsons disease, AIDS, and estrogen.
Hi. Im from Siliconeer and Im here to do a review [when walking into a restaurant to perform a review]
I have issues with my fingers.
DUMB SLUT!!! (As an insult. Towards a male. Because that is his best comeback)
[Pointing to MacBook Air(R) Laptop] This is my water, food, life, and shelter. If this dies/breaks, I die. (Natural selection at work. Survival of the fittest wouldnt come into play here, as he is… not fit)
90 mbps? You can watch porn on this Wi-Fi.
An airplane is just a metal dick with wings.
If Rishi moves out of Mission, Ill kill myself
Well now my desires have changed
The only reason I troll her is cuz she likes it
The day before: tells you to not tell anyone that hes on diabetes pills/medications because he wants to keep it secret. The day after: publicly posts/rants on Facebook about his medical and health issues
I sign into Facebook on the Starbucks wifi all the time.
Rants on Facebook about Nissan and how they wouldnt pay to replace his tires
I dont hate her… I just think shes a b**ch
Has called a girl he does not get along with a slut and a bitch to her face
DECA ideas he tells us are better than FindBot because he thinks it wont make it to states: heated backpacks and a software distribution service (Gee, how original, one sets you on fire, the other is a blatant ripoff of Softonic)
For my revenge after getting butthurt about some savage burns, I will now watch porn on your WiFi.
I got this shirt from India for 20000 rupees, very cheap 
Dude Rohan you should totally masturbate
You dont need to know what I use my VPN for
Guys after my birthday party, Comcast slowed down my internet connection speed, as there were too many devices on it at the time. So thanks (insert middle finger emoji here)
Lets get some testosterone hormone boosters for deeper voices at DECA so we can sound more professional
His future plans: Sri should open an IRS company named SRIRS
>IRS Company
Siliconeer magazines arent made of paper [This is NOT a joke. He actually said this seriously]
In order to make carbon fiber bodies for a robot you can buy carbon fiber and make bodies out of them
[Unprompted, out of nowhere] I support Satanism
I hope Gurbaazs dick gets cut off
 You look like a Mexican drug cartel
He explains to us his new Deca business idea: eyeglasses service [despite not even possessing a pair himself and claiming to know a lot about them]
SCHOOL IS LITERALLY AUSCHWITZ!!
Dude Im gonna suicide
Wait is bacon beef?
I want my wedding to be lit in Vegas with strippers dancing on poles. 
Pratham is making Deca a concentration camp
Crap I fell on my butt and now it feels like some Russians with chains whipped me 100 times.
You fucking fick (Apparently he had meant to say fish. TF? Guess thats his best comeback after hearing he looks like a fat woodchuck. Geez man, cant you take a joke? Well, looks like yours truly has been banned from attending the wedding for this roast.)
Eenie meenie minie mo. Catch a tiger in the toe
Vansh insults Gfu = good for u  *vansh meant to say gfu = go f*ck urself but when we asked him what gfu was in front of the teacher he said good for u
Siliconqueer? Ill have to ask Amar about that. Maybe itll be more profitable, and have more readership...
So my dad found out that I masturbate during the night. He was like: Vansh I know about the funny smell coming from your room, and I checked the wifi history (facepalm)
Says hell chop Gurbaazs d**k off, feed it to a hungry dog, have the dog poop it out, shove it back up his a**, and then throw him into shark-infested waters (Roan should definitely understand this one)
We remark: You should shave the part of your beard where its growing under your chin and all over your neck. He replies: No I want to grow it out, so it will look like a terrorists.
From the movie Gone Girl when the girl shoves a wine bottle up her pussy Vansh said I fucking love that scene
Champas (some slipper thing) keeps the blood running through your foot
Fuck Christianity, fuck Hinduism, and fuck Jewism.
There are only 3 things I want to bang in this world- Kate upton, jennifer Lawrence, and Apple iPhones.
Yessssss sunny leony *fap fap fap
This penis didnt turn off (shakes black headphones angrily)
bharat asks is Beyonce is fat. Cansh says shes fat in the parts that are important
Bharat is asking about APs Cansh says Im gonna do your AP if u dont shut up
I pay my parents to love me
I want to cut garbaazs head of and stuff it down his throat.
This whole week Ive been feeling insomiac
showing stomach to people and asking, Is my stomach going away
Called roan a trash bag for not taking down epic wasabis revenge(which u guys should watch)
I once pissed on the road in Arizona because we were stuck IN the road for 5 hours(imagine being in a road for 5 hours)
The amount of AIDS Sri said in ten minutes was staggering
He hold the cup and fed her rice
